

Goals 
1. We would like an A level quality work, 
2. We want to respect eachother and everybody plays there role , meaning evenly spread work as much as possible
3. Familiarize ourselves with new technologies and experience software engineer work flow 
4. We'd like to follow/learn scrum guidelines and practices 
5. To be extended 

Work Norms
1. Time commitments dependent on tasks, picking up a safe amount of work. As long as we are making adequate progress , consistenly in respect to the deadlines . 
2. The work habits of any particular member will not be an issue as long as the member communicates progress, produces quality work, and the work is done by the dates established by the group. If the member does not meet these standards, procedures to deal with that member are further detailed in the ground rules.
3. Communicate in discord ahead of time , if any issues . 

GROUND RULES:
  Length: Our meetings will be of an arbitrary length - however long it takes for us to share what we each need to go over, though meetings longer than 1 ½ hours
are discouraged. The purpose of meetings is to establish communication and give direction to the project. Meetings once a week should be enough unless it is decided by the group that additional meetings should be scheduled. This communication should take place through the group discord. It is understood that if a meeting takes too long, members may have to leave for classes or work obligations. This type of situation will not constitute and offense.

  Missed Meetings: A member may miss one meeting, but will result in a minor offence. Any meetings missed more than once after that will result in major offence.

  Tardiness: as long as each member doesn't come in at the last 20 minutes (or around there) of the meeting, it'll be fine. It will be okay if the member comes in within 10 minutes of the start of the meeting. Repeated tardiness over 10 minutes will result in displinary action.

  Phone use: completely fine, as long as the member isn't entirely distracted as to hinder what they need to communicate.

  Food/drinks: absolutely fine.


GROUP COMMUNICATION AND INTERACTION
1. Communications should occur at least once a week for a meeting, and as needed during discord. If a group member makes a comment on discord, they should be responded to by someone within 24 hours.
2. Communications should be respectful. If an issue occurs between team members, others should intervene.
3. Roles: note taker takes notes during the meeting and makes sure everyone has access to them afterwards, meeting leader should keep the meeting on track by timeboxing conversations and redirecting people on to task. Everyone should contribute to the agenda 24 hours before.
4. Decision making should be carried out through voting. 
5. Delegation should occur if someone is behind on their tasks, volunteers are preferred over assignment.
